What happening?

Focussed lost .
Dont know your priority falling to old habit as in 12.
Would regret .
Force your comfort zone .
Dont fall prey to comfort thoughts.


There are a lot of brainwasher around be careful with them. Being brainwasher doesn't mean sometimes that you intentionally tried to brain wash someone even you may be brainwasher unknowingly you may be influencing someone in a bad way beacause sometimes if you are not sure what you are actually doing while talking or sharing any thoughts about someone to someone then there is a high chance that you will be influencing that person(whom you are talking ) in a way even whose conclusion on that person you don't know so be careful if you are talking about someone with a person , try to choose word more specific and only relevant.

If you are a person(A) and someone(B) talked with you about someone(C) , then sometimes he/she may try to choose previous specific instances , recalls in life when that person failed to be what called perfect(which no one is) some is just better , some are just better to fulfill the perfection of your understanding and then you called him/her a good person . So a person standing in front of you is what type of person (Good or bad) depends on your interpertation of what is good and what is bad which is obivious but most time in world where our understanding of right and wrong is just completely distorted , so if even you understanding is not correct(is a viewing perspective but mature and experienced) then full chances you will misjudge things and mess.

So being stuck on understanding under which you always fall and fail is better to be brainwashed a understanding which had already experienced these situations and know how things work. 

***  I dont knwo how exactly it works and whom to trust but the best you can do is put everything in box and then observe it as if you are actually judging everything and seeing how is everything working and how is it trying to impact you understanding in this way you could better choose a specific decision and not fully biased by anyone and less chance you would take action baised to one thought but will be mixture and most satisfying to you current understanding but not sure if is correct because correct is biased to viewing point but it will satisfy you which all an average person cares.
